{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Reusable bags are totes the best\par
Reusable bags are a shopping essential for any green home.  These bags don't just help to reduce plastic bags used at grocery stores but also make great storage options and are really fun weekend projects to make yourself. You can make them to show off your knight pride while going green in the stores around town.\par
Link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://crazylittleprojects.com/easy-tote-bag-tutorial/ }}{\fldrslt{https://crazylittleprojects.com/easy-tote-bag-tutorial/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
UCF Link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.amazon.com/UNIVERSITY-CENTRAL-FLORIDA-FABRIC-100-YARD-GEOMETRIC/dp/B0763T24RL }}{\fldrslt{https://www.amazon.com/UNIVERSITY-CENTRAL-FLORIDA-FABRIC-100-YARD-GEOMETRIC/dp/B0763T24RL\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Drop the Nonstick cookware\par
While the jury is still out on the overall health effects of non-stick cookware, all will agree that with repeated use non-stick coating will degrade and eventually be unusable. This causes a lot of waste and overall cost increase for consumers over time. As most chefs will tell you a solid cast iron skillet is a kitchen essential. They are built to last generations and the upkeep on them is easier than most think. My pan has been in my family since 1910 and I still use it almost exclusively for many of my meals. Here are some great guides on buying, using, and maintaining cast iron skillets. \par
All-In-One Guide: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnDtbbHB5VM }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnDtbbHB5VM\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Cowboy's Buying Guide: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWKlU2aTCT4 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWKlU2aTCT4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Tik-Tok'er Guide to restoring and cleaning: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDTCgxvmShc }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDTCgxvmShc\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Lets kick up that pizza game: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JESaD6tqXiQ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JESaD6tqXiQ\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Need some caffeine? Why not also go green?\par
Reusable coffee filters are some of the easiest ways to save money on your morning brew. Why not make some green too? Reusable k-cups are insanely beneficial to the environment. They remove hundreds of plastic containers from landfills, cut down the abundance of aluminum out there, and will save you hundreds of dollars throughout their lifetimes. Machine stopping you from saving the planet, simply take a the lid off a used k-cup and tape it to the inside of the machine. It only takes 5 minutes and lets you enjoy that sweet cup of custom k-cup Joe.\par
Link- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.walmart.com/ip/4-Pack-Keurig-Single-K-Cup-Solo-Reusable-Coffee-Filter-Pods-Stainless-Mesh-for-K10-K15-K40-K45-K55-K60-K65-K70-K75-K79/780787449?wmlspartner=wlpa&selectedSellerId=13762&adid=22222222227143720106&wl0=&wl1=g&wl2=c&wl3=253387170842&wl4=pla-415766166870&wl5=9011796&wl6=&wl7=&wl8=&wl9=pla&wl10=118770984&wl11=online&wl12=780787449&veh=sem }}{\fldrslt{https://www.walmart.com/ip/4-Pack-Keurig-Single-K-Cup-Solo-Reusable-Coffee-Filter-Pods-Stainless-Mesh-for-K10-K15-K40-K45-K55-K60-K65-K70-K75-K79/780787449?wmlspartner=wlpa&selectedSellerId=13762&adid=22222222227143720106&wl0=&wl1=g&wl2=c&wl3=253387170842&wl4=pla-415766166870&wl5=9011796&wl6=&wl7=&wl8=&wl9=pla&wl10=118770984&wl11=online&wl12=780787449&veh=sem\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Free the Joe: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.consumeraffairs.com/news/heres-a-super-easy-way-to-get-around-keurig-20-drm-restrictions-121214.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.consumeraffairs.com/news/heres-a-super-easy-way-to-get-around-keurig-20-drm-restrictions-121214.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Lets up that cutting board game. \par
Wooden cutting boards are often seen as a hassle and not environmentally friendly, but I'm here to dispel those rumors. Not all wood is made equal. Hardwood and Bamboo cutting boards are great way to look like a green pro in the kitchen. They have naturally antibacterial properties, cause less ware on your knives, and just look amazing. When you're shopping for your new cutting board make sure to look for reclaimed, salvage, or renewable sourced wood. Hardwood by far is the best amongst the rest. Caring for your new cutting board is just as easy as green cleaning your house. Simply hand wash it like it has Covid-19. Want to disinfect it white vinegar is a great disinfectant. Simply spray, let it sit, wipe it off with a warm damp towel. Want more Green Cleaning tips Check out Green Cleaning [LINK].\par
Cleaning Tips: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.woodcuttingboards.com/wood/cutting-board-care-and-maintenance.aspx }}{\fldrslt{https://www.woodcuttingboards.com/wood/cutting-board-care-and-maintenance.aspx\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Hardwood Cutting Boards: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.amazon.com/s?k=hardwood+cutting+board&i=garden&rh=p_36%3A1253523011&dc&crid=35UK678PMUCQ0&qid=1585736698&rnid=386465011&sprefix=hardwood+cutting%2Cgarden%2C145&ref=sr_nr_p_36_1 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.amazon.com/s?k=hardwood+cutting+board&i=garden&rh=p_36%3A1253523011&dc&crid=35UK678PMUCQ0&qid=1585736698&rnid=386465011&sprefix=hardwood+cutting%2Cgarden%2C145&ref=sr_nr_p_36_1\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Time to ditch the flimsy plastic containers.\par
Plastic containers may be cheap and easy to get, but they constantly warp, stain, and melt. Glass is built to last and contrary to popular opinion actually really hard to break in kitchen dishes. Often built with thick walls to last a lifetime they make organizing and cutting out plastics extremely easy. Your dorm has limited space, why take it up with bulky plastic containers and boxes, switch to glass today and help save the planet. Check out the apples in my kitchen for more ways to use these containers. \par
\par
Help save spongebob and our reefs with biodegradable sponges\par
biodegradable sponges are an awesome way to help reduce plastic use and help save our reefs from depletion at the same time. While farmed sponges are a great alternative to plastic ones they often are bad for bacteria and cleaning purposes. Want other great green cleaning tips check out \{CLEANING PAGE\}. Biodegradable sponges will breakdown keeping our landfills plastic free and you can toss them into your countertops composter when you're done with them. Don't have one? Check out mine for more information on campus composting. \par
Want to save money and go green with sponges? Buy in bulk: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.amazon.com/s?k=biodegradable+sponges&i=hpc&crid=Q3WS410CDC0W&sprefix=biodegradable++spon%2Chpc%2C145&ref=nb_sb_ss_i_1_18 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.amazon.com/s?k=biodegradable+sponges&i=hpc&crid=Q3WS410CDC0W&sprefix=biodegradable++spon%2Chpc%2C145&ref=nb_sb_ss_i_1_18\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Buy bulk whole foods\par
Plastics by far are the worst at the grocery store. It seems now a days everything has plastic wrap. Want to cut down? Buy whole foods. Fruit, nuts, veggies, meat, flour, and spices can all be purchased in bulk minus the plastic. All you have to know is where to go. Its easy, Walmart, publix, and target have large produce sections with plastic free produce. Stores like Whole Foods and trader Joes have plastic free flours, spices, and nuts. Need some meat sans plastic? Check out your local butcher shop. The Local Butcher [{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.localbutcherandmarket.com/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.localbutcherandmarket.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 ] in Winter Park is my go to. Its a great place to pick up everything you could want for date night (and they have premarinated stuff if you want impress someone with your "cooking skills" or forgot a special occasion).\par
\par
Why not use your scraps\par
Countertop Composters are great ways to use your food scraps for good. Composting is a great way to save money with your plants at home. By using a countertop composter you can make your own fertilizer by literally doing nothing. UCF has many areas around campus for composting too check out our get involved and plants pages to learn more about how composting can help you go green. My favorite drop off location is the Downtown Farmers Market {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.orlandofarmersmarket.com/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.orlandofarmersmarket.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  because you can do it before you go shopping for fresh food and a lot of people let you pet their dogs there.\par
How to Compost in Tiny Apartments: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPsXy9gO40Y }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPsXy9gO40Y\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Great Guide to Compostables in Orlando: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.orlando.gov/Initiatives/Food-Waste-Drop-Off }}{\fldrslt{https://www.orlando.gov/Initiatives/Food-Waste-Drop-Off\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  \par
ADD TARGET BLANK\par
}
 